Add methods to wait for flushing (#7)
Raynos/fake-sqs: README.md

  })
})
```

## Docs :

### `const server = new SQSServer()`

Create a fake SQS server

### `server.run(opts, cb)`

 - `opts.port` ; defaults to 0
 - `opts.host` ; defaults to `localhost`

> Starts the server. cb get's called once listening on a port.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starts the server. `cb` get's called once listening on a port.
```

### `server.getQueue()`

> Returns the current array of items queued in SQS

Reviewer: Of what shape are items?

### `server.waitForMessages(count, listener)`

> Get notified once N messages have been send to this fake SQS

Reviewer: `listener` is a callback, and not an eventemitter listener that can be called multiple times, right?

Author: it's not a `cb` because there's never an error. It's a `listener` that gets called once.

### `server.waitForFlush(listener)`

Get notified when the number of pending messages in the SQS

> queue is zero.

Reviewer: same as above. Is this called once or every time?

  })
})
```

## Docs :

### `const server = new SQSServer()`

Create a fake SQS server

### `server.run(opts, cb)`

 - `opts.port` ; defaults to 0
 - `opts.host` ; defaults to `localhost`

Starts the server. `cb` get's called once listening on a port.

### `server.getQueue()`

Returns the current array of items queued in SQS. These are shaped
like aws SQS objects.

### `server.waitForMessages(count, listener)`

> Get notified once N messages have been send to this fake SQS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get notified once N messages have in total been sent to this fake SQS.
```

Reviewer: The API was confusing to me, I thought it would call back once the next `N` messages have been sent.
